Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Floaty Boat app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by JamaLlama (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as an Ad Supported service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".


Information Collection and Use
The Application does not collect or use any personal information.
The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.


Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.


Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

Google Play Services https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AdMob https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Unity https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.

Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.


Data Retention Policy
The Service Provider does not retain User Provided data since no data is collected. You can still contact us about anything here: oemer.d@web.de .


Children
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.


Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.


Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.


This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-01-01


Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.


Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at oemer.d@web.de.
